docs: update python examples of new lakefs sdk (#6830)
treeverse/lakeFS: docs/integrations/python.md

Now that you have a client object, you can use it to interact with the API.

> To shorten the code example, let's create a helper function that will iterate over all paginated API's results:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To shorten the code example, let's create a helper function that will iterate over all results of a paginated API:
```

```python
def pagination_helper(page_fetcher, **kwargs):
    """Helper function to iterate over paginated results"""
    while True:
        resp = page_fetcher(**kwargs)
        yield from resp.results
        if not resp.pagination.has_more:
            break
        kwargs['after'] = resp.pagination.next_offset
```

#### Creating a repository

```python
import lakefs_sdk
from lakefs_sdk.models import RepositoryCreation
from lakefs_sdk.client import LakeFSClient

configuration = lakefs_sdk.Configuration(
    host="http://localhost:8000",
    username="AKIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE",
    password="wJalrXUtnFEMI/K7MDENG/bPxRfiCYEXAMPLEKEY",
)

> client = LakeFSClient(configuration)

Reviewer: Not a fan of including this code each time: it makes it much harder for me to read the important bit, and actually also harder for me to copy-paste into a REPL.  Even if I am writing code, typically I will want to perform more than one operation, and I will still need to edit away most of the lines.

resp = client.repositories_api.create_repository(
    RepositoryCreation(
        name="example-repo",
        storage_namespace="s3://storage-bucket/repos/example-repo",
    )
)
print(resp)
```

> _Output_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Output
```
?
